first you used our guide to buy the best
cheapo keyboard out there then you
complimented it with the best sub $15
Mouse then you actually ended up
replacing the original cheapo keyboard
with a slightly less cheap but still
inexpensive mechanical one and now it's
time to complete your I spent all of my
money on DLC equipment set with one
final piece a gaming headset for less
than $25 because you guys love a deal
[Music]
this cyber monday mass drop will be
launching 40 of their best deals along
with flash sales which will be live on
their site for just 12 hours or until
the item sells out so check it out at
the link below
first up well I'm not gonna mince words
this is our cheapest pair the IP a P a P
whatever the vibration gaming headphone
and it costs just $10
now I actually don't mind this
personally but we're getting off to a
bad start here vibration is just part of
the product name not a feature which
apparently disappointed at least one
unlucky buyer with that said ap must
have put the money that they saved on
packaging to good use because their
headset actually sounds okay if a touch
base E and while exquisite is definitely
a stretch for $10 the build quality on
these things is surprisingly okay
they're lightweight
deep and cushy air pads and self
adjusting suspension style headband make
for a comfy listening experience though
they do get pretty warm while the long
and it's weird it's kind of greasy
feeling cable and included splitter make
them convenient to use with your desktop
phone or console there's an integrated
volume wheel and mic which despite not
having a boom or a mute button for that
matter sounds on par with most of the
others in our roundup test test test
this is the apogee vibration gaming
headphones microphone sound at just 10
bucks and if you plug in the extra USB
you get multicolored breathing LEDs you
can't control them but hey it's a bonus
at this point I like this one now let's
meet our next contestant just because
your headset is cheap doesn't mean it
has to look cheap but the GD 40s from
headphone Ninja definitely do both of
those things they're made of ugly cheap
plastic and crude pleather and they
don't fit well even on their smallest
setting they don't seal on my ears
properly though if you've got a real
melon head then
sure plop them on at least until the
poorly padded headband digs into your
skull on the plus side they've got a
semi bendy ish what they're calling
blade style microphone that's a boom
microphone if you're not a ninja in your
spare time and a braided cable with an
inline controller that just looks almost
as stupid as it feels in your hands they
actually sound okay but with all these
other problems who honestly cares
next up the sadies SI 708 for $15.99 and
a second are these things actually
getting worse as the price goes up these
things look more like pretend headphones
for kids to play gaming team house
rather than an actual product I mean
just listen to that build quality and
fit gets a big fat fail too if you have
large ears these are on-ear headphones
with hard uncomfortable padding and if
you have small ears then they're sort of
on ear headphones with hard
uncomfortable padding sound quality at
least has been pretty consistent across
the headsets we've looked at so far but
with that said the bass on these manages
to stand out as extra money and it's one
of the only ones that doesn't come with
an adapter for console play and and
while we're at it wait a minute this
thing's got the same crappy inline
controller as the last head set I guess
at least it has emi shielding to ensure
a good mood and to their credit the mic
does conceal pretty nicely along with
the rest of this thing in the garbage if
your garbage can has a lid the Soumik g
9:23 comes in white or black and
advertises and not one but two places on
the box a long hard microphone with high
sensitivity ironically it's actually one
of the few mics that stood out as
especially quiet and distant sounding
this is a test of the Soumik g nine to
three stereo gaming headset at $17.99 to
their credit they are not uncomfortable
though the cops offer some articulation
and the inline controls are small and
equipped with a
appreciated clip but the build quality
on this one is really bad like think how
bad it has to be to stand out in this
roundup and look how far the mic sits
from your mouth and listen to the
headband adjustment mechanism they also
included this inexplicable plastic bag
is this supposed to be a carrying case
next up then is the excellent GM one at
1999 tons of padding actually makes this
one reasonably comfortable despite the
rigid design and while it sounds grating
and low quality to the headband offers a
lot of steps to help you find the right
fit like the $10 headset this one also
has LEDs but it's just static blue all
day and it also has inline controls but
it's one of those ones that hangs at an
awkward length and the sound of it
dragging across my clothes is definitely
not invited to my next birthday party
I'm afraid not even Bill and Ted would
approve of this one next the $20 double
in twos are kind of like a souped up
version of the $10 ApS at least at first
glance I can say positively that they
are the first thing we've seen that
comes close to premium feeling today
with a soft touch finish braided cable
and flexible boom mic but that beauty is
only skin-deep or in this case a flimsy
piece of pleather deep the ribbon of
metal in the headband digs into your
head in a matter of minutes oh and the
caliper pressure on these is
unfortunately so low that small and
medium noggin folks alike won't ever
feel like they're really staying on
making matters worse for some
inexplicable reason they put the mute
switch right on the mic meaning that you
have to make a bunch of scuffling noises
while you take off the included windsock
every time you want to use it next we
have the version tech G 2000s which
turned out to be the potion each
whatever that means G 2000s when they
arrived and on the subject of ink
while they do definitely feature analog
connectivity as advertised on the box
they're actually blue not orange they've
got a super flexible headband though for
when your mind gets blown watching tech
quickie and after a break-in period for
that stiff headband foam they would be
pretty comfortable if the ear cups
weren't so shallow that my ears were
pressed against the for some reason
convex covers on the drivers this is
honestly enough of a deal-breaker for me
that even lighting effects can't make up
for it but if you don't care about that
then sound quality is similar to the
rest and the boom mic is in exactly the
right position to sit at the corner of
your mouth if you're a catfish on to the
wait a minute what's this a recognizable
brand the N SIDS 500 ones have better
build quality than their Red Ranger
glossy plastic suggests and are actually
among the most light and most
comfortable headsets in the roundup
today and they sound all right - with
ample base without being too
over-the-top
though like the rest they do become
pretty distorted and muddy at high
volumes the mic boom pivots and bends
which is really nice but with that said
even correctly positioned the recording
quality isn't the greatest this is a
test of the MF IDs 501s for 2499
bringing us finally to the stylish
Patriot Viper v3 30s these guys have got
a soft touch finish breathable fabric
ear pads a nice ratcheting headband with
a braided cable a nearly invisible fold
away mic and integrated controls on the
left ear cup they're one of the only two
sets in the roundup to come with a
travel bag and even though it's pretty
Drac it's significantly better than the
other one but with all that positive
stuff said they're also the only set to
stand out as overly tinny sounding
they're not super comfortable and they
are the most expensive one that we
looked at today so which set do we
recommend then as your new daily drivers
well since they mostly all have
comparable sound and mic quality it
pretty much came down to comfort build
quality and price which makes it really
hard to beat the $10 a piece whose
multicolored LEDs and construction put
them way ahead in terms of value
especially when you factor in that they
cost less than half as much as some of
the other ones we featured MSI's DS 501
does cost more but was significantly
more comfortable to my noggin and then
if you don't dig the suspension style
headband I'd say go for the be excellent
GM ones this episode was brought to you
by tunnel bear the easy to use VPN app
when people are shopping for a VPN one
of the features they look for is a kill
switch
now before you actually get properly
connected to the Internet and you can
start browsing your device will actually
start to send information about itself
and what it wants to do to you know that
hotspot in the airport and before you
connect to your VPN all of this traffic
is actually unencrypted so in the few
seconds it takes to connect you've
probably already broadcast your IP maybe
a few DNS requests or a search query
vigilant bear from tunnel bear stops
this by blocking all outbound and
inbound traffic so nothing leaks out
before you connect helping keep you
private throughout your entire session
and this is cool if your connection goes
down for some reason vigilant bear will
kick back in and stop all outbound and
inbound traffic until the connection
comes back so for a free trial of tunnel
bear go to tunnel bear comm /l tt we've
got that linked below so thanks for
watching guys if this video sucked you
know what to do but if it's awesome
get subscribed hit that like button or
check out the link to where to buy the
stuff we featured in the video
description also linked in the video
description is our merch store which has
cool shirts like this one as well as our
community forum which you should totally
join